Quick start guide for Openstack deployments (#784)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/quickstart/openshift/rhos/_index.md

---
date: 2020-02-21T13:36:18+01:00

> title: "On OpenStack"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Hybrid OpenStack and AWS"
```

> weight: 20

Reviewer 2: Please use a different weight as its matching with others.

---

> This quickstart guide covers the necessary steps to deploy two OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters one deployed on OpenStack
> and one on aws with full stack automation, also known as installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI). Once the OpenShift clusters are
> deployed, we deploy Submariner with Service Discovery to interconnect the two clusters. Note that this guide focuses on Submariner
> deployment on clusters with non-overlapping Pod and Service CIDRs. For connecting clusters with overlapping CIDRs, please refer to the
> [Submariner with Globalnet guide](../globalnet/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart guide covers the necessary steps to deploy two OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters: one on AWS
and the other one on OpeStack, both with full stack automation, also known as installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI). Once the OpenShift clusters are
deployed, we deploy Submariner with Service Discovery to interconnect the two clusters. Note that this guide focuses on Submariner
deployment on clusters with non-overlapping Pod and Service CIDRs. For connecting clusters with overlapping CIDRs, please refer to the
[Submariner with Globalnet guide](../globalnet/).
```

[Submariner with Globalnet guide](../globalnet/).

{{< include "/resources/shared/openshift/setup_openshift_openstack.md" >}}

{{% notice info %}}
Please ensure that the tools you downloaded above are compatible with your OpenShift Container Platform version. For more information,
please refer to the official [OpenShift documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/).
{{% /notice %}}

{{< include "/resources/shared/openshift/create_clusters_aws_openstack.md" >}}

### Install `subctl`

{{% subctl-install %}}

### Prepare OpenStack and AWS Clusters for Submariner

{{% cloud-prepare/intro %}}

> {{% cloud-prepare/openstack %}}

Reviewer 3: So this "openstack" is being flagged because it's not in a `code block`. Maybe we can just make the file follow the naming convention, be `OpenStack`?

Author: Done.
